CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to BrowserStreamStudio

Thank you for your interest in contributing! We welcome all kinds of contributions, including bug reports, feature requests, documentation improvements, and code changes.

## How to Contribute

1. **Fork the repository** and create your branch from `main`.
2. **Describe your changes** clearly in your pull request.
3. **Follow the coding style** and conventions used in the project.
4. **Test your changes** before submitting a pull request.
5. **Sign your commits** if required by the project.

## Reporting Issues

- Use the GitHub Issues tab to report bugs or request features.
- Please provide as much detail as possible, including steps to reproduce and screenshots if relevant.

## Code of Conduct

Please be respectful and considerate in all interactions. See our CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md for details.

## Getting Help

If you have questions, open an issue or join our discussions tab.

---

Happy streaming!



- create and develop `Plugins` that will help the streamer
- add more streaming platforms
- add more buttons for helpful features
- add `Accessibility Features`

Commit message:

Update TODOs in CONTRIBUTING.md for clarity
Signed-off-by: Bubbles The Dev <152947339+KernFerm@users.noreply.github.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to BrowserStreamStudio

Thank you for your interest in contributing! We welcome all kinds of contributions, including bug reports, feature requests, documentation improvements, and code changes.

## How to Contribute

1. **Fork the repository** and create your branch from `main`.
2. **Describe your changes** clearly in your pull request.
3. **Follow the coding style** and conventions used in the project.
4. **Test your changes** before submitting a pull request.
5. **Sign your commits** if required by the project.

## Reporting Issues

- Use the GitHub Issues tab to report bugs or request features.
- Please provide as much detail as possible, including steps to reproduce and screenshots if relevant.

## Code of Conduct

Please be respectful and considerate in all interactions. See our CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md for details.

## Getting Help

If you have questions, open an issue or join our discussions tab.

---

Happy streaming!





# TODO's

- create and develop `Plugins` that will help the streamer.
- add more streaming platforms.
- add more buttons for helpful features.
- add `Accessibility Features`.
- make easier for end users to download and install the application.
- support for `exe` or `installer` - `windows`, `mac os`, `linux`..
